c29 translation update (#128)
IllusionMods/KoikatsuTranslation: translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c29/00/0/translation.txt

「ま、まあね。そのあたりはいろいろと事情があって……」=“W-Well, yeah. You don't know the half of it...”
「そう……。それで、話というのは？」=“Seems not... So then, you wanted to talk?”
「っと、そうだったそうだった。えーっと……」=“Right, that's what I came to you for. Erhm...”

> （ちょっと素っ気ない感じだけど、話はしてくれるみたいだ。どんな話題が良いかな？）=(A bit too blunt and to-the-point but, atleast she's up for a chat. What should I start with?)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
（ちょっと素っ気ない感じだけど、話はしてくれるみたいだ。どんな話題が良いかな？）=(A bit too blunt and to-the-point but, at least she's up for a chat. What should I start with?)
```
